Dont dump none entity (#31)
samuelcolvin/rtoml: README.md

#### dumps
```python
def dumps(obj: Any, *, pretty: bool = False, include_none = True) -> str: ...
```

Serialize a python object to TOML.

If `pretty` is true, output has a more "pretty" format.

> If `include_none` is false, none objectes are ommited (in dictionaries, tuples and lists as well).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `include_none` is `False`, `None` values are omitted from the generated toml string.
```
